key,source,context,changes,english
handgunT0-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: Pipe Pistol
handgunT0-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: P99
handgunT0-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: Colt M1873
handgunT0-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: Colt 1911
handgunT1-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: Pistol
handgunT1-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: USP-9
handgunT1-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: Beretta93R
handgunT1-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: Raging Bull
handgunT2-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: .44 Magnum
handgunT2-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: MK23
handgunT2-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: Glock18c
handgunT2-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: UMP
handgunT3-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: SMG-5
handgunT3-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: MP5N
handgunT3-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: MP5SD
handgunT3-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: KRISS Vector
handgunT4-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 4: .44 Desert Vulture
handgunT4-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 4: Desert Eagle
rifleT0-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: Pipe Rifle
rifleT0-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: M1894
rifleT1-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: Hunting Rifle
rifleT1-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: Kar98K
rifleT1-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: M1Garand
rifleT1-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: AWP
rifleT2-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: Lever Action Rifle
rifleT2-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: M14EBR
rifleT2-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: MSG90A1
rifleT3-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: Sniper Rifle
rifleT3-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: M110
rifleT3-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: M82a1
shotgunT0-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: Pipe Shotgun
shotgunT0-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: s686
shotgunT0-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: SPAS12
shotgunT1-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: Double Barrel Shotgun
shotgunT1-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: M4Super90
shotgunT2-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: Pump Shotgun
shotgunT2-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: Saiga12K
shotgunT3-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: Auto Shotgun
shotgunT3-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: AA12
machinegunT0-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: Pipe Machine Gun
machinegunT0-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: M4A1
machinegunT0-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: M16A4
machinegunT0-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 0: SCAR_L
machinegunT1-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: AK-47 Machine Gun
machinegunT1-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: ACR
machinegunT1-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: HK416
machinegunT1-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: AUG_A3
machinegunT2-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: Tactical Assault Rifle
machinegunT2-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: G36KV
machinegunT2-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: SCAR_H
machinegunT2-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: M60E4
machinegunT3-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: M60 Machine Gun
machinegunT3-2,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: SA58OSW
machinegunT3-3,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: M249
machinegunT4-1,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 4: Gatling
explosivesT1-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 1: M79
explosivesT2-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 2: ChinaLake
explosivesT3-4,progression,Attribute,New,Tier 3: MGL140